2027 Technology Program Intern, BENGALURU, Karnātaka / HYDERABAD, Telangāna | Wells Fargo
Skip to main content
2027 Technology Program Intern
BENGALURU
HYDERABAD
Administrative & Corporate Services
Full time
06 Jul 2026
R-557386
About this role:
Wells Fargo is seeking a Technology Program Intern for 2027 campus program. We believe in the power of working together because great ideas can come from anyone. Through collaboration, any employee can have an impact and make a difference for the entire company. Explore opportunities with us for a career in a supportive environment where you can learn and grow.
In this role, you will:
Participate in formal internship program and workshops for low complexity initiatives within Internship Program
Attend classroom training, self-study assignments, workshops, networking, and other events
Review basic or tactical issues, policies or procedures for which answers can be quickly obtained related to low-risk tasks and deliverables with narrower impact
Receive direction from supervisor and exercise judgment within defined parameters while developing understanding of the function, policies, procedures, and compliance requirements
Provide information to managers, functional colleagues, and stakeholders, including internal or external customers if applicable
Required Qualifications:
6+ months of work experience, or equivalent demonstrated through one or a combination of the following: work experience, training, military experience, education
Desired Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in engineering with an expected graduation between March 2028 – August 2028
Summer Internship timeline between May 2027 to August 2027.
Good spoken and written English skills to effectively communicate technical concepts
Strong logical, analytical skills and a systematic problem-solving approach
Strong programming skills in modern languages such as Java, C#, SQL and Python
Good understanding of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC).
Posting End Date:
6 Aug 2026
*Job posting may come down early due to volume of applicants.
We Value Equal Opportunity
Wells Fargo is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other legally protected characteristic.
Employees support our focus on building strong customer relationships balanced with a strong risk mitigating and compliance-driven culture which firmly establishes those disciplines as critical to the success of our customers and company. They are accountable for execution of all applicable risk programs (Credit, Market, Financial Crimes, Operational, Regulatory Compliance), which includes effectively following and adhering to applicable Wells Fargo policies and procedures, appropriately fulfilling risk and compliance obligations, timely and effective escalation and remediation of issues, and making sound risk decisions. There is emphasis on proactive monitoring, governance, risk identification and escalation, as well as making sound risk decisions commensurate with the business unit’s risk appetite and all risk and compliance program requirements.
Candidates applying to job openings posted in Canada: Applications for employment are encouraged from all qualified candidates, including women, persons with disabilities, aboriginal peoples and visible minorities. Accommodation for applicants with disabilities is available upon request in connection with the recruitment process.
Applicants with Disabilities
To request a medical accommodation during the application or interview process, visit
Disability Inclusion at Wells Fargo
.
Drug and Alcohol Policy
Wells Fargo maintains a drug free workplace.  Please see our
Drug and Alcohol Policy
to learn more.
Wells Fargo Recruitment and Hiring Requirements:
a. Third-Party recordings are prohibited unless authorized by Wells Fargo.
b. Wells Fargo requires you to directly represent your own experiences during the recruiting and hiring process.
Apply Now
Save
Saved
Share
Share
Related Jobs
2027 Human Resources Internship – Early Careers
Save
Saved
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina
Administrative & Corporate Services
2027 Commercial Banking Summer Internship – Early Careers (NY)
Save
Saved
NEW YORK, New York
Administrative & Corporate Services
2027 Global Payments & Liquidity Internship – Early Careers
Save
Saved
CHARLOTTE, North Carolina / MINNEAPOLIS, Minnesota
Administrative & Corporate Services
Join our talent community
Learn about upcoming events and career opportunities at Wells Fargo
Talent Community
close
You are leaving the wellsfargojobs.com website.
You are leaving wellsfargojobs.com and entering a third-party domain. Although Wells Fargo has a relationship with this website, Wells Fargo does not provide the products and services on the website. Please review the applicable privacy and security policies and terms and conditions for the website you are visiting.
Any tools at the following website are provided for educational and illustrative purposes only. Wells Fargo does not guarantee the accuracy of the calculations and their applicability to your circumstances.
Cancel and back to site
Continue